Cara vordtriede: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Your name, again, it's
Cara vordtriede: More tree. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi, my name is Maggie on thank you for keeping appointment.
Magalie Marcellus: I was still trying to figure out if they said exactly what type of equipment. You were supposed to have because I noticed you just started
Cara vordtriede: The program.
Cara vordtriede: They said something about just an individual therapy appointment.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And when did you start the program.
Cara vordtriede: Um,
Cara vordtriede: Sunday nights when I got the call.
Magalie Marcellus: And you haven't met with
Cara vordtriede: The doctor, I met with my doctor
Cara vordtriede: You there Monday. All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, well I'm gonna go do what would would typically do which is an initial intake assessment and that may take up to 45 minutes just go to with the question in its
Magalie Marcellus: In house. How are you referring to the program.
Cara vordtriede: One of my friends goes there.
Cara vordtriede: And I was having trouble with get into my doctor so with me working nights. It was just a lot easier this way.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: My computer is freezing. So bear with me.
Magalie Marcellus: Which group is scheduled to 10
Cara vordtriede: I haven't the lady O'clock yesterday because my doctors knew she wasn't sure which group.
Magalie Marcellus: And when you did you speak with anybody from the virtual counselor.
Cara vordtriede: Just the people check in with
Magalie Marcellus: This a check in.
Magalie Marcellus: And you are referred to the program us. I know you say your friend. So what was the initial
Magalie Marcellus: Reason, although
Cara vordtriede: Recovery.
Cara vordtriede: With my Suboxone treatment.
Magalie Marcellus: So will you receiving treatment somewhere else.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, I'm at TCM
Magalie Marcellus: TCM yeah I
Cara vordtriede: Was with them for almost five years.
Magalie Marcellus: What happened.
Cara vordtriede: Um, well, I work nights and
Cara vordtriede: I make my appointments early, so I don't want to get sleep.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Cara vordtriede: It was me working 10 hour nights.
Cara vordtriede: And then driving an hour away.
Cara vordtriede: It was
Cara vordtriede: The point of dangerous.
Magalie Marcellus: Just became inconvenient. So gets up.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: And I was missing so much. I would have been kicked out.
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: Again, this is for the history of the onset of what happened the substance use in also a little bit of family history. So everything is confidential unless there's any concern for your safety us somebody else a fee. Then we'll have to address that.
Magalie Marcellus: Also, again, we just so get a little bit of the background. You know how things are progressing where we are and what's the treatment will be best for you.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Are you hearing any feedback as I'm hearing a little bit and just making sure that you can do.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: You're probably hearing my dad's phone and TV.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, do you have a, you know, you plug your headphones or something.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Okay. Is that better.
Magalie Marcellus: Good. Okay.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright.
Magalie Marcellus: So, so going back a little bit before prior to five years ago, before you started treatment. So what was the what started with the substance use.
Cara vordtriede: I was prescribed oxy cotton.
Magalie Marcellus: Was it by injury or some other reason.
Cara vordtriede: Really was just a lady or no.
Cara vordtriede: Tell me what to say to get the pills.
Cara vordtriede: They're really for her.
Cara vordtriede: I was young, I was like 17 okay at the time.
Cara vordtriede: All cash to me what to say, and I got the pills, because the doctors really didn't care.
Cara vordtriede: And then I started taking
Magalie Marcellus: A get in for that person.
Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Well, it was a roommate. I lived with
Magalie Marcellus: Then you started taking
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, that's what started
Magalie Marcellus: Condom what when you got it from her. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And how long were you taking the house.
Cara vordtriede: Was about two years.
Magalie Marcellus: Transition to something different.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, no going to jail. I got out my daughter's dad introduced me to heroin.
Cara vordtriede: With that
Cara vordtriede: That was back in 2002
Magalie Marcellus: And how long were you on that.
Cara vordtriede: Premise at 810 years
Magalie Marcellus: We will function when you are using
Cara vordtriede: On and off.
Cara vordtriede: I'll go to jail get sober.
Cara vordtriede: Repeat.
Cara vordtriede: That happened out seven times.
Magalie Marcellus: Where was the treatment in between. I was in because you were incarcerated and yet to stop.
Cara vordtriede: Justin Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: I tried to get treatment but
Cara vordtriede: This county never offered it so
Magalie Marcellus: The county and meaning where you were incarcerated or just you're missing your area.
The service.
Cara vordtriede: Like drug court.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, then we
Magalie Marcellus: Know,
There.
Magalie Marcellus: Are
Cara vordtriede: No. Oh wow, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Now I'm at the time where you had the highest level of using, how much will use another time.
Cara vordtriede: For about 12 a day.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, well that pills.
Magalie Marcellus: capsules. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And how much would that be your bad in terms of money.
Um,
Cara vordtriede: It's been so long ago.
Cara vordtriede: About $100 a day.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And did you experience withdrawals.
When you stop you. Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: What were some of the symptoms they had
Cara vordtriede: They're really puking the body.
Magalie Marcellus: Any overdose.
One.
Magalie Marcellus: How old were you then.
Cara vordtriede: That was actually relapse overdose. I was clean for two years.
Cara vordtriede: Relapse and then never went back since that was six years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: And was the relapse and the heroin or something different.
Heroin
Magalie Marcellus: So between the. Was there anything else besides heroin and the OxyContin
Cara vordtriede: No, no, it's pretty much it.
Magalie Marcellus: Was a daily usage.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So then five years ago what wanted you to seek treatment.
Cara vordtriede: Oh, just say the setup.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: A lot of the family influence.
Magalie Marcellus: Over those after
Cara vordtriede: That was way before
Magalie Marcellus: So the treatment before. Oh.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, I went to TC n or no TCS came after the opener. Sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So did that play a part of you get in treatment or was that after. Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: You think
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, the overdoses what
Cara vordtriede: Put me into treatment.
Cara vordtriede: Yes.
We are hospitalized.
Cara vordtriede: paramedics were calling. I'll send the hospital. Yeah, nor can
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And you mentioned families. So because of you using
Cara vordtriede: Then we did
Magalie Marcellus: A lot of strain with family relationship or
Cara vordtriede: Then push me to do it and after time. Well, my son's data. We didn't have her kid, then
Cara vordtriede: He pushed me
Cara vordtriede: Mostly
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so it was a boyfriend at a time.
Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: He actually made the call set the appointment of and maybe do
Cara vordtriede: When they put me on Suboxone okay
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. And that was that the place the
Cara vordtriede: PCN yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And did you ever try to stop on your own.
Cara vordtriede: No.
Cara vordtriede: No Suboxone actually is.
Cara vordtriede: a lifesaver.
Magalie Marcellus: So when
Magalie Marcellus: You start with any period of time where you went. Getting the Suboxone or were you able to get it right away when you stop the other treatments.
Cara vordtriede: Um, I got it right away.
Magalie Marcellus: So you didn't experience any withdrawal, anything like that.
Cara vordtriede: No, they put me right into the doctor.
Magalie Marcellus: And prior to seeking treatment we dissatisfied with July.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And how did that impair your work home or social life.
Cara vordtriede: Everything.
Cara vordtriede: I didn't have one
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, you didn't have social life.
No worries.
Magalie Marcellus: So you you've been assassins people nine, you would say,
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, it might be six.
Cara vordtriede: 2013 whatever that is. I don't need to keep track of it. No more honey.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, that's a good thing.
Magalie Marcellus: And that was the only treatment you did the outpatient
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, so one thing I've ever done. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you find something that works and
Magalie Marcellus: It's good that you kept up with it.
Magalie Marcellus: Hoses support system right now.
I'm
Cara vordtriede: Boyfriend my kids and my family and a few of my friends, I really don't have much anymore to ever dropped them all.
Cara vordtriede: They're all still out there.
Magalie Marcellus: So those people. You mentioned those the people you spend time with the boyfriend family needs of your friends.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Have any of those people in your circle use drugs or have you used with them.
Cara vordtriede: Know, let them do
Cara vordtriede: My dad's an alcoholic, but that don't bother me because I've never been a drinker.
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: That was that any psychiatric history for you we ever in a mental hospital.
Magalie Marcellus: No. Okay, any past surgeries. When a reason
Cara vordtriede: Gallbladder and to C sections.
Magalie Marcellus: That is
Cara vordtriede: That's it.
Magalie Marcellus: For the secession. They give you painkillers.
Cara vordtriede: On the first one they did.
How
Cara vordtriede: It didn't really bother me. I really couldn't even tell I taken anything I I went back on my Suboxone and helping better
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any medical condition that you
Cara vordtriede: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Have you seen a counselor in the past for mental health counselor for any reason.
Magalie Marcellus: Have never been diagnosed with depression, anxiety,
Cara vordtriede: Anxiety.
Cara vordtriede: But the doctor that I will see was also mental health doctors who kind of just
Magalie Marcellus: Was it a primary care doctor
Cara vordtriede: No, he's my Suboxone doctor
Magalie Marcellus: You also
Cara vordtriede: Prescribed in the mental house.
Cara vordtriede: OK, so we also didn't die for people
Magalie Marcellus: There for anxiety.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, he was, but I didn't. I never take them. So he just took me off of them.
Magalie Marcellus: And that was when you started the program. Oh, is it that
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other men psychiatric medication you
Cara vordtriede: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of suicide suicidal thoughts plan attempts
Cara vordtriede: Know, no.
Cara vordtriede: No.
Cutting
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so I mentioned your dad being an alcoholic any MENTAL ISSUE WITH HIM.
Cara vordtriede: I'm not gonna know of
Magalie Marcellus: Do you guys have a relationship.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How would you describe your relationship.
That's good.
Cara vordtriede: My mom reason
Magalie Marcellus: And you want adopted and I
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: And your mother does she have any history of substance use and mental
Cara vordtriede: I don't think she's ever
Cara vordtriede: Heard of a joint
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And how has your relationship with her.
Cara vordtriede: I live with her now. It's good.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, OK.
Cara vordtriede: We lost her house. So we're in the middle of
Cara vordtriede: My kids out will live in separate houses right now.
We're just all separated
Magalie Marcellus: Here with our job, and here
Cara vordtriede: It happened in October, the end very end of October.
Cara vordtriede: My house. My
Cara vordtriede: This year,
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: He has my son.
Cara vordtriede: Has his mom's I'm here because my jobs here and I can't drive
Cara vordtriede: After work far away and he lived.
Cara vordtriede: An hour away.
Cara vordtriede: And my sister has my baby.
Magalie Marcellus: So what happened with your housing.
Cara vordtriede: He's lost his job after eight years and
Magalie Marcellus: I could, I will have fun.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That happened.
Cara vordtriede: Since we had our, our son.
Cara vordtriede: Our baby. We had babysitting issues because of the time and his mandatory.
Cara vordtriede: And he was like to work too many times.
Cara vordtriede: That's what happened. Okay.
Cara vordtriede: And I couldn't keep up with everything on my own.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm going to kiss the have
For
Magalie Marcellus: For
Magalie Marcellus: All come back to them in a little bit so you stay with your mom. Anybody else in the house with you.
Cara vordtriede: my step dad and the dog.
Magalie Marcellus: Miners
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: How you get alone just that they're
Cara vordtriede: Really good.
Cara vordtriede: He pretty much raised me
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So there was no substance in the house. So when you were growing up.
Cara vordtriede: Substance, you know,
Cara vordtriede: I mean he smoked pot, but
Cara vordtriede: He kept that will hidden toes older
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And how was
Magalie Marcellus: The your parents relationship overall thoughts in the household.
Cara vordtriede: They had a rough start
Cara vordtriede: I'm
Cara vordtriede: Not really rough start it was kind of
Cara vordtriede: A midlife crisis for him. He had an affair, but that was like the only time that chaos was ever that was
Magalie Marcellus: In the beginning
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, I was probably 16 then
Cara vordtriede: There's a while ago.
Cara vordtriede: Pretty much. That's only thing that's ever
Magalie Marcellus: DONE NOTHING THAT THE POLICE HAD TO COME UP WITHOUT
Cara vordtriede: Oh, no.
Magalie Marcellus: All right. And how many siblings, they have
Cara vordtriede: A brother and a sister.
Magalie Marcellus: How is it
Cara vordtriede: He's 23
Different dad.
Cara vordtriede: My sister's
Cara vordtriede: 32 I think
Magalie Marcellus: Your mom and stepdad. Do they have kids and common
Cara vordtriede: No.
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So yes, you guys share
Cara vordtriede: We had on, Dad. Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Okay, my brother's dad's dead. He died.
Magalie Marcellus: So how do you guys get along, you and the semblance
Cara vordtriede: Of me my brother, and we get along. We just don't really need to see each other at
Gatherings
Cara vordtriede: I said, well, my sister. She has a baby so
Cara vordtriede: I'll more
Cara vordtriede: We're good.
Magalie Marcellus: And any mental health or substance for any of them.
Cara vordtriede: Um, my sister actually works with mental health.
Oh,
Cara vordtriede: She has very bad anxiety. I know that.
Cara vordtriede: He takes low
Cara vordtriede: Low
Cara vordtriede: So after Zoloft
Magalie Marcellus: Also, she has medication for anxiety anxiety.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, she worries whatever saying
Cara vordtriede: World War three everything
She's just guys so
Cara vordtriede: It wasn't around head.
Magalie Marcellus: Treatments manage that.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, she won't go to grocery stores.
Magalie Marcellus: Really when you say she works with
Cara vordtriede: The whole population.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, because
Cara vordtriede: They're already trying to still kids.
Magalie Marcellus: So she just
Cara vordtriede: She does the online grocery ordering
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: She was shopping for
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But she have kids.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, two boys.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, he does that, with them with the kids.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, because we have to
Magalie Marcellus: Take them places and
Cara vordtriede: We either sports.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, so yeah, so she has to be in the company of what of equal
Cara vordtriede: Yep, just don't do the grocery stores, she'll do the run around but
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: But not places where too many people frequent
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, and she makes her husband, go with her.
Cara vordtriede: She's nuts.
Magalie Marcellus: Organically she's taking care of yourself and she's helping you.
Magalie Marcellus: Reach your level one.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So had things with you and your boyfriend.
Cara vordtriede: Besides,
Cara vordtriede: The string that we're going through refine
Cara vordtriede: Just the financial yeah
Magalie Marcellus: He's his family, his family or well yeah
Cara vordtriede: He's with his mom.
Magalie Marcellus: Was there any history of substance I mentor.
Cara vordtriede: He was an alcoholic. He's been like 10 years
Magalie Marcellus: Is it a quarter 20 advocates.
Cara vordtriede: Um, yeah, my daughter, my son.
Magalie Marcellus: Not in terms of the. Oh, so you're the oldest of the children.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, yes. Okay. I was going to accept the birth order. But you already gave me the ages video
Magalie Marcellus: So how was your childhood or how would you describe it.
Cara vordtriede: In childhood was great.
Cara vordtriede: It was the people hung out with is what took me down the path I did.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you mentioned 17. So while you're doing that at 17
Magalie Marcellus: And that time that got you kind of off track.
Cara vordtriede: Um, well, the lady that I ended up moving in with live down the road, I became friends with her.
Magalie Marcellus: And then so you you left home to go move in with that person.
Cara vordtriede: Oh, no, no. I met her. When I was 17 I didn't move out of here till
Cara vordtriede: After I was 18
When I moved in with her.
Magalie Marcellus: Often
Magalie Marcellus: And at that time.
Magalie Marcellus: Was any issues with school growing up.
Cara vordtriede: Know everything was good.
Magalie Marcellus: And you graduate high school
Cara vordtriede: No ended up dropping out because I got because I had my daughter.
Magalie Marcellus: How old were you when you added over
Cara vordtriede: And 18
Magalie Marcellus: So you are close to finishing high school at the time.
Cara vordtriede: I was in my 12th year
Magalie Marcellus: Talk here. Yeah. Did you ever go back to finish, or maybe
Cara vordtriede: My, my mom tried to get me go back. I went back, but I felt weird because all the kids were so young.
Magalie Marcellus: But a god.
Cara vordtriede: I couldn't pass it fast forward to about five years ago I got with McDonald's.
Cara vordtriede: Point with them all the way up to last November, when I got the job and with now but
Cara vordtriede: They
Cara vordtriede: They have online High School.
Magalie Marcellus: And I graduated. Uh huh.
Cara vordtriede: For McDonald's online High School.
Cara vordtriede: I got my diploma.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Right. Okay. I didn't even realize even off of that. That's good. So
Cara vordtriede: I didn't know either.
Magalie Marcellus: Any plans to move forward by anything else.
Cara vordtriede: I'm not sure yet.
Magalie Marcellus: So now we mentioned, you do have some friends that is transform when you are going, I was you become an adult.
Cara vordtriede: What was that
Magalie Marcellus: The friends that you have now where their childhood friends or friends that when you became an adult that show
Cara vordtriede: Oh,
stylus friendship.
Cara vordtriede: There about my 20s.
Magalie Marcellus: And those funds. When I use in
Cara vordtriede: Um, she was you. She's clear now.
Cara vordtriede: My other friend sheet. I don't really see her that much. She lives in Kentucky.
Magalie Marcellus: She moved to Kentucky.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Were you born in Ohio.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: What city you live in now.
Cara vordtriede: Live in love, though falls.
Magalie Marcellus: When you call it.
Cara vordtriede: Ludlow falls.
Magalie Marcellus: In line in the city.
Magalie Marcellus: As a closer Columbus, a major city that I know.
Cara vordtriede: Columbus is like an hour away.
Cara vordtriede: It's next to date and they
Gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: And going up with any history of abuse, neglect.
Cara vordtriede: No.
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any sexual abuse or salt as you are going up.
Cara vordtriede: Sexual when I was that was with my babysitter.
It was like five
Cara vordtriede: Five or six
Magalie Marcellus: Was this ever recorded.
Cara vordtriede: Know when a person knew about was my grandma.
Cara vordtriede: Like I am telling my grandma about it and it actually
Cara vordtriede: That was probably when I was eight or nine
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Cara vordtriede: And it actually happened was my my uncle's mentally handicapped.
Cara vordtriede: It actually happened with him to with the same person. I found that out.
Magalie Marcellus: Later on,
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, later on.
On
Magalie Marcellus: Whether your grandma, though at the time.
Cara vordtriede: She just took over babysit me
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
And
Cara vordtriede: I'll say shift reported it
Cara vordtriede: Oh wow she just didn't let us around him because he actually Him and His mom was my mom's best friend.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so the babysitter was a Malibu sitter.
Cara vordtriede: It was a female, but it was her son, so it was while he were there.
Magalie Marcellus: All my sauce has Sunday babysitter, son.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Was in adult at the
Magalie Marcellus: Time.
Cara vordtriede: He was like 14 okay
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you say you have four kids, give me the, the name and the age silent. The oldest
Cara vordtriede: Valerie pack.
Cara vordtriede: She's 19
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Cara vordtriede: And Keegan Hall.
Cara vordtriede: He is six.
Cara vordtriede: In Araya a ri a Johnson.
Cara vordtriede: She is six months. Oh.
No one.
Magalie Marcellus: No one okay got baby. Okay.
Cara vordtriede: Oh,
Cara vordtriede: My son, sorry. I should have said I should have said, My son before her Colton Johnson and he's one
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, totally. The ones for how you handled all that
Magalie Marcellus: Little babies.
Cara vordtriede: is challenging.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Gave me that easy six so qigong is where now with all
Cara vordtriede: These words his dad, he's, he's the dad that got me into treatment and
Again,
Cara vordtriede: This is dad.
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. Okay. And the two younger one is with
Magalie Marcellus: Your current boyfriend.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, and my daughter is with the guy that got me on here one
Cara vordtriede: Which he's still
Magalie Marcellus: Around, that's my bad.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, my daughter's dad is the one that introduced me to hear
Magalie Marcellus: That okay and your daughter stays with them.
Cara vordtriede: No, she's with her boyfriend.
Cara vordtriede: She lives in
Cara vordtriede: Another County.
Magalie Marcellus: But are you saying that that her father. That's how you got introduced
Cara vordtriede: With yeah it was her dad.
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. OK. So the total little one day with no, he said, your sister has all
Cara vordtriede: The baby.
Magalie Marcellus: She has a royal months. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and Colton is with all
Cara vordtriede: His dad.
Magalie Marcellus: His mother's
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: And I want you
Just
Magalie Marcellus: To work because I know you say with the wake wake was cool. So for you to get to worry
Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: I was living fair board with them.
Cara vordtriede: But I got off work and I almost had a head on collision. If I fell asleep at the wheel.
Cara vordtriede: On those. That's why I live in here.
Magalie Marcellus: Because they are very far out tomorrow, so you
Cara vordtriede: Get your
Magalie Marcellus: 10 hours.
Magalie Marcellus: And yeah, what do you do
Cara vordtriede: Factory work.
Cara vordtriede: Run right yeah I run a robot robotic welder.
Magalie Marcellus: What is the welder.
Cara vordtriede: Robotic welder. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, good. A makes some type of
Magalie Marcellus: Materials ahead as though we
Magalie Marcellus: Are partnered with a
Magalie Marcellus: Car. Oh, nice. Okay.
Cara vordtriede: A Honda Civic. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right.
Magalie Marcellus: So, what's his ship.
Cara vordtriede: I work
Eight to 6:38pm
Cara vordtriede: To 6:30am
Magalie Marcellus: I didn't realize they had back on the show. I know they work late sometimes when yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Some any work four days or more
Cara vordtriede: Five days a week, sometimes flex
Magalie Marcellus: Hours and how long you been doing this job.
Cara vordtriede: A little bit over a year.
Magalie Marcellus: So we had the prior to that you add that on your other location. So how was it with taking care of the babies and you know home life and all that. And would that kind of work schedule.
Cara vordtriede: I went to work with tired a lot but
Cara vordtriede: We had the system where he will take the babies to the babysitter.
Cara vordtriede: I will come home, sleep, pick up the babies.
Cara vordtriede: After and repeat.
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. So you had a set a place to help when
Cara vordtriede: She was down the street.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you wouldn't have to take out all of them are you trying to get some rest.
Yeah.
OK.
Magalie Marcellus: So the financial issues started when your boyfriend losses job.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, is it looking for employment.
Cara vordtriede: We're we are actually in the middle of trying to find a house.
Cara vordtriede: And we have to get him a car because you end up losing the car, too.
Cara vordtriede: So when we get our house.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, go look for a job.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so no reason to do it now.
Cara vordtriede: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: So are you looking for a job in between where you work now has
Cara vordtriede: First
Magalie Marcellus: Okay but closer to your employment or yeah
Cara vordtriede: I'll be able to
Magalie Marcellus: Get everybody back home.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: We'll do the world the six year old is he gonna say, what is that permanently. Oh.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah them to. I couldn't separate them to. That would be horrible for both of them.
Magalie Marcellus: So does he allow you to have visitation with them.
Cara vordtriede: Oh yeah. Hi. Good whenever I want.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And how how long he's been with his dad.
Cara vordtriede: Was his whole life.
Cara vordtriede: I ended up leaving them.
Magalie Marcellus: So you left and then he's happy with that.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah. Gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: I know you barely have time. But what hobbies. Do you have
Cara vordtriede: I don't have any hobbies.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you like to
Cara vordtriede: Go shopping
Cara vordtriede: Don't do it no more, but I like to
Magalie Marcellus: Okay window shopping
When you have
Magalie Marcellus: Any reading TV.
Cara vordtriede: Are used to be.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Cara vordtriede: Now, just go to work and sleep all day.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. Would that work schedule. I can imagine.
Magalie Marcellus: That take all your energy.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, I need to get off the shift. Eventually, I will. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So how many shoes do they offer.
Cara vordtriede: First, second, and third, but first shift, it's hard to get into that shift.
Cara vordtriede: That's already been there forever.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But it's still the 10 hours as well. The
Cara vordtriede: Other was there only really on eight
On a
Magalie Marcellus: Pretty can get up the ladder and you can get a shift that works for you and your family.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, do they pay well and OSHA
Cara vordtriede: Um, I make 17 top 21 an hour.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, OK.
Cara vordtriede: That bad
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, unless
Magalie Marcellus: Somebody especially. I don't know. Are you a person who stay up late.
Cara vordtriede: No, I've never been a night person.
Magalie Marcellus: Sorry, I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Just gonna work. Yeah. So how do you stay up
Cara vordtriede: As a business sleeping all day.
Cara vordtriede: stay busy.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Cara vordtriede: It took me almost a year to get used to it. I'm just
Cara vordtriede: I used to wear. Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: From not falling asleep. It worked.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it takes a while, especially for that type of don't have that.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, usually about 630
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Go to bed at eight that's
Magalie Marcellus: That was me. Now you're doing the reverse.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Wow. Well, I'm glad you able to kind of work it out to manage that kind of schedule to keep up with some type of employment for me, Emily.
Cara vordtriede: Does a good
Cara vordtriede: Job of really had to
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Now you mentioned earlier with the legal issues. So I know how many times you've been arrested or
Cara vordtriede: He's been over
Magalie Marcellus: There are drug related or other things.
Cara vordtriede: All of them.
Cara vordtriede: Good possession mostly
Magalie Marcellus: And was the evaluation and part of its all
Magalie Marcellus: Of any type of probation.
Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Long time ago. I mean, I'm not on know that now, but
Magalie Marcellus: OK, so the last time you have always for the last arrest.
Cara vordtriede: That was my relapse. I get charged for that.
Cara vordtriede: Internal possession. I went to prison for that.
Magalie Marcellus: Really
Magalie Marcellus: Is that when you want. So the hospital.
Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, they charged me
Actually
Cara vordtriede: Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: I don't think they do now. Now you get
It.
Cara vordtriede: But they charge you a year later with that and
Cara vordtriede: In that year I got
Cara vordtriede: pregnant with my son that's
Cara vordtriede: my six year old. Okay.
Cara vordtriede: So I think they had a hand in me going to prison in
Magalie Marcellus: being pregnant.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah and that relapse.
Magalie Marcellus: So they think, Okay, gotcha. So they were they thinking like the child that will score.
Cara vordtriede: As for what the judge thought
Cara vordtriede: He pretty much he said he walked me up for my pregnancies what he said.
Cara vordtriede: So I got out right after. Well, I got out when Keegan was four days old.
Really nice.
Cara vordtriede: Nine months.
Magalie Marcellus: So your whole pregnancy.
Cara vordtriede: Mm hmm. Because four weeks when I got sentenced
Cara vordtriede: I just found out I was pregnant.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
Cara vordtriede: If I wouldn't have said nothing to him.
Cara vordtriede: I probably would not have went
Magalie Marcellus: Probably
Cara vordtriede: My mouth shut.
Magalie Marcellus: But
Magalie Marcellus: That gives you quick
Magalie Marcellus: access to treatment afterwards.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, it's a different type of lesson but
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: And when I've been a different result if you insane thing.
Yeah.
Cara vordtriede: But it all worked out.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, yet any is healthy and everything. Yeah, baby.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. So you have no pending legal stuff going on right now.
Cara vordtriede: No, I got an expired tag ticket. But that's nothing.
Cara vordtriede: That's just me not want to pay $60 for a sticker.
Magalie Marcellus: No, yeah, I get that. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, everything is money.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you have a question. Oh, you guys. So looking together.
Cara vordtriede: I got my cars paid off.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I
Cara vordtriede: Just need to get him a car.
Magalie Marcellus: So you have your class running and locations.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, my son's dad bought me my car.
Magalie Marcellus: I know
Cara vordtriede: He did a lot for me.
Cara vordtriede: You got my license back
Cara vordtriede: So,
Magalie Marcellus: What separated you guys
Cara vordtriede: Because he's 50 and I'm 36 and we see
Cara vordtriede: Or in two different you
Cara vordtriede: Know, Jr.
Cara vordtriede: He drove me crazy. I drove me crazy.
Magalie Marcellus: Have you and the friend. Well, basically.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, because we're best friends.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But like you said, it sounds like he was very supportive and
Magalie Marcellus: Get your treatment and
Magalie Marcellus: Get on track.
So,
Let's go.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so right now mentioned, are you needing to follow up with any primary care doctor for any issues medical issues.
Cara vordtriede: No, no, no.
Magalie Marcellus: Has just sleeping all
Cara vordtriede: This all over the map.
I wake up.
Magalie Marcellus: I forget which Kegel to doesn't help either. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um, and overall any issues with your medication with Suboxone
Cara vordtriede: No.
Cara vordtriede: I do need to get ahold of Dr. Because she sent my pills, way far away.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
Cara vordtriede: I call privacy but I called my pharmacy and they said that they see something called in, but they don't know where it's at.
Cara vordtriede: So she went looking for it. She sent it to Beaver Creek.
Cara vordtriede: Which is like an hour away from here.
Magalie Marcellus: All now. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So then they have to change it to the
Magalie Marcellus: Here, right. Look at the
Cara vordtriede: Whole River.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I would call the virtual clinic and see how they can read it.
Magalie Marcellus: You couldn't get to the right place.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you haven't started group yet so cuz I'm not quite sure what do you
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I know it all back called back virtual clinic so they can provide your group scheduled and also to make sure that they can send a message regarding the primacy.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so, you know, experiencing any craven I, things of that nature.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you think is important for you to work on. Now I know you're looking to get housing your immediate need
Cara vordtriede: To get my kids back to the other.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and your family back together.
You know,
Magalie Marcellus: You say half sister.
Magalie Marcellus: From you.
Cara vordtriede: She's 15 minutes away. She's not far
Magalie Marcellus: And which days do you have consistent days off, or does it change.
Cara vordtriede: Usually just the weekends, unless we're pulled into work Saturdays.
Cara vordtriede: Which is Friday night for third
Magalie Marcellus: Right, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right. And do you do any support groups outside of
Magalie Marcellus: You know, church, went to church or other
Magalie Marcellus: Schools.
Cara vordtriede: I was going to start going to church with my six year old. We just every time we playing on it, something happens and I'll get to it. Well, that's what we are trying to set up is for me to start going to church with key and his dad.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But no.
Magalie Marcellus: No ANY OTHER SUBSTANCE ABUSE go
Cara vordtriede: I was doing MIT through TC n
Cara vordtriede: Okay. But notice, which doctors my groups will be with you guys. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you never had any sponsor anything of that nature.
Cara vordtriede: No, never really got into that.
Magalie Marcellus: Would that be something you consider in the future.
Cara vordtriede: Yeah, I mean, I might give it a try again. I've been to one month, three years.
Magalie Marcellus: And any issue it anxiety right now.
Cara vordtriede: No.
Magalie Marcellus: So what helps you
Magalie Marcellus: They reach our recovery and other subjects and help. So what else do you do to help you.
Cara vordtriede: Keep your model is working.
Cara vordtriede: Now thinking about it.
Magalie Marcellus: I got pretty much everything I need unless there's something you forget mentioned that I need to know
Cara vordtriede: Much
Magalie Marcellus: Covered it.
Magalie Marcellus: So again, definitely call virtual clinic so they can give you direction in terms of the group and also our be the next step I'm going to follow up to see
Magalie Marcellus: What the way they were going to be meeting ongoing I just need to know where we add because I was unsure, in terms of what was the what was recommended in terms
Magalie Marcellus: Of treatment, besides the group because I know some people do need the individual ongoing unless you feel that you need to have somebody on a regular basis, which I still check in, because I'll be your primary purpose.
Magalie Marcellus: But for now I just need to see where you add with the treatment and what would be beneficial for us.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, any questions for me.
Cara vordtriede: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I appreciate your time and all the best which I recover and if there's any question I you know if you feel that you need to me with me right away, feel free to call virtual community and they'll relate a message. We can schedule you in
Cara vordtriede: Okay, thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: No problem. You have a good night.
You too.